good morning it's december 8
2020 and it's a tuesday
here in l.a a little bit cloudy this
morning
with a strong breeze blowing
around 64 degrees fahrenheit
18 celsius
this morning i was thinking about
the first rock and roll song
i ever heard and i think it was
[Music]
rock around the clock by
bill haley and his comets
this was 1954.
and this song i think represents
the beginnings of rock and roll
seeping into the mainstream
should be going up to around 80 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
about 27 celsius
and i think these clouds are going to be
with us most of the day but we can
always
hope for those
beautiful blue skies and golden sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day